and another Disney personality will also
be in the parade we are talking about
bridgit mendler she stars in good luck
charlie and has played in lemonade mouth
on the Disney Channel and Brigitte is
here to tell us about her upcoming movie
welcome welcome welcome thank you glad
to be here you know you have come a long
way in just a short career you've been
all over the place and movies and now
you're in your own show there's a movie
coming out how did you do all of this in
a short amount of time you know I I have
this need to blame for it they're kind
of they've been they've been wasted good
to me they've stuck me in so many
different things it's awesome I get to
do everything I've ever wanted
yeah that's so exciting you know you do
a lot of acting but I mind it
interesting that you've actually kind of
have taken up the music if you will no
and wants to tell us about that what
have you been doing and how is that
relevant to the movie - well yeah I've
been able to do a couple of music
projects with Disney so far it started
out with a Tinkerbell song which I did a
while ago how to believe right and since
then I've been able to work on a few
songs with them and then I've recently
been writing some songs for them I did
it for the the Beverly Hills Chihuahua -
movie right and then they let me write a
song for this recent good luck charlie
it's Christmas movie so that was really
exciting and these past few months I've
been working on the album so I'm super
excited for everyone to get to hear it
and have it come out that's fun yeah so
the movie is coming out in a couple of
weeks good luck charlie it's Christmas
yeah and I started reading the plot a
little bit you're traveling to see the
grandparents for Christmas yeah and you
decide to give up your plane ticket
uh-huh for a free ticket right and then
it all starts there and starts going
crazy tell us more about the movie it's
you know it's so funny whenever I try to
explain the synopsis of the story to
somebody and like sees you and then that
and it takes forever for me to explain
it but basically yeah I exchanged it for
a free ticket so my mom and I get off of
the plane and
we are trying to get to Palm Springs
some other way because all the other
places are booked up so it's basically
you know one of those adventures where
you're trying to get to a certain
destination by certain time but
everything winds up going wrong right it
looks like a lot of fun there too and
you have a busy weekend plan - what are
you doing all weekend here in Chicago
we're doing a parade later on today
actually for Thanksgiving and then we're
also going to be doing a signing
tomorrow so I'm just I'm glad to be here
I've never been to Chicago before and
it's nice to meet the lemonade mouth
fans out here and hopefully some good
luck charlie fans - yeah what do you
think of our city so far have you had a
chance to get around check it out I like
I saw a little bit last night all I did
was see like some fancy-schmancy shops
you guys every single shop is like a
work of art oh my good love shopping
here like pudding like because I've been
to San Francisco in New York and I live
in LA so it's like seeing those shops
who put us all the shame well one of the
interesting things I read about you -
you like to cook you know this town is
unbelievable when it comes to us
deep-dish you did it was so good that's
awesome
you gave it a thumbs up I did you know
it was one of those that had like all
the ingredients on the inside with like
pepperoni and olives on top and then
there's some chicken and broccoli inside
with the cheese it was like it was prime
awesome is top-notch you're getting a
true taste of Chicago if you're going
for deep-dish peaches so that's awesome
well what do you like to cook you enjoy
that that's part of your pastime yeah
yeah you know I'm kind of more of a
dessert cook person like I love cooking
main meals but for me desserts are more
fun because they're kind of challenging
in terms of like the chemistry of all of
it and the timing and so I actually went
to this like coffee or not coffee like a
chocolate buffet last night at our hotel
nice serious desserts they had the
fanciest stuff I'd ever seen there's
like little mini cheesecakes and mousses
and little creme brulees it was like in
taster size so it's really inspirational
to me in terms of my own cooking like
one day hope
get to that level I'm sure you're doing
just fine you have so much on your plate
right now literally and figuratively you
guys know I filled that plate yeah all
that well thank you very much Bridget
nice to have you yeah great to meet you
guys and of course you can see Bridget
tonight in the festival of lights parade
also tomorrow she's going to be at Navy
Pier from 11:00 to 1:00 o'clock and be
sure to check out the new movie good
luck charlie it's Christmas it's
scheduled to premiere on Friday December
2nd at 7 o'clock central on the Disney
Channel and we should also mention
Disney as a parent company of ABC 7 you
can find more information about Bridget
also on our website that's ABC 7 Chicago
comm and if you can't come out to the
Meg mile today you could watch the
festival of lights parade right here on
ABC 7 from 6 to 7 o'clock we'll also
stream the parade live and on-demand on
ABC 7 Chicago calm I think we have it
all covered there for you